README.md, before:

# Memos 💭

Catch-all project including tutorials, tips, cheat sheets and memos of all kinds.

| Subject | Label                                                                                                                            |
| ------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Git     | [Customize git config by folders of projects](./git/customize_git_config_by_folders_of_projects/README.md)                       |
| Git     | [GitHub Git cheat sheet](./git/github_git_cheat_sheet/github-git-cheat-sheet.pdf)                                                |
| Git     | [GitLab Git cheat sheet](./git/gitlab_git_cheat_sheet/gitlab-git-cheat-sheet.pdf)                                                |
| Git     | [Atlassian Git cheat sheet](./git/atlassian_git_cheat_sheet/atlassian-git-cheat-sheet.pdf)                                       |
| Windows | [How to add the recycle bin to the Windows 10 taskbar](./windows/how_to_add_the_recycle_bin_to_the_windows_10_taskbar/README.md) |

Commit message:

feat: manage several versions of nodejs ✨

README.md, after:

# Memos 💭

Catch-all project including tutorials, tips, cheat sheets and memos of all kinds.

| Subject | Label                                                                                                                            |
| ------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Git     | [Customize git config by folders of projects](./git/customize_git_config_by_folders_of_projects/README.md)                       |
| Git     | [GitHub Git cheat sheet](./git/github_git_cheat_sheet/github-git-cheat-sheet.pdf)                                                |
| Git     | [GitLab Git cheat sheet](./git/gitlab_git_cheat_sheet/gitlab-git-cheat-sheet.pdf)                                                |
| Git     | [Atlassian Git cheat sheet](./git/atlassian_git_cheat_sheet/atlassian-git-cheat-sheet.pdf)                                       |
| Node.js | [Easily manage several versions of Node.js on Windows](./nodejs/easily_manage_several_versions_of_nodejs_on_windows/README.md)   |
| Windows | [How to add the recycle bin to the Windows 10 taskbar](./windows/how_to_add_the_recycle_bin_to_the_windows_10_taskbar/README.md) |
